c:\users\mxix\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Watermark_POC\Watermark_POC\bin\Debug\Watermark_POC.exe.config
c:\users\mxix\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Watermark_POC\Watermark_POC\bin\Debug\Watermark_POC.exe
c:\users\mxix\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Watermark_POC\Watermark_POC\bin\Debug\Watermark_POC.pdb
c:\users\mxix\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Watermark_POC\Watermark_POC\obj\Debug\ImageManager.baml
c:\users\mxix\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Watermark_POC\Watermark_POC\obj\Debug\Login.baml
c:\users\mxix\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Watermark_POC\Watermark_POC\obj\Debug\ImageManager.g.cs
c:\users\mxix\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Watermark_POC\Watermark_POC\obj\Debug\Login.g.cs
c:\users\mxix\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Watermark_POC\Watermark_POC\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\mxix\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Watermark_POC\Watermark_POC\obj\Debug\Watermark_POC_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\mxix\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Watermark_POC\Watermark_POC\obj\Debug\Watermark_POC.g.resources
c:\users\mxix\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Watermark_POC\Watermark_POC\obj\Debug\Watermark_POC.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\mxix\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Watermark_POC\Watermark_POC\obj\Debug\Watermark_POC.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\mxix\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Watermark_POC\Watermark_POC\obj\Debug\Watermark_POC.exe
c:\users\mxix\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Watermark_POC\Watermark_POC\obj\Debug\Watermark_POC.pdb
c:\users\mxix\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Watermark_POC\Watermark_POC\obj\Debug\WatermarkManager.baml
c:\users\mxix\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\Watermark_POC\Watermark_POC\obj\Debug\WatermarkManager.g.cs
C:\Users\MXIX\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Watermark_POC\Watermark_POC\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.dll
C:\Users\MXIX\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Watermark_POC\Watermark_POC\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.Themes.Aero.dll
C:\Users\MXIX\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Watermark_POC\Watermark_POC\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.Themes.Metro.dll
C:\Users\MXIX\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Watermark_POC\Watermark_POC\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.Themes.VS2010.dll
C:\Users\MXIX\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Watermark_POC\Watermark_POC\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.DataGrid.dll
C:\Users\MXIX\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Watermark_POC\Watermark_POC\bin\Debug\Xceed.Wpf.Toolkit.dll
C:\Users\MXIX\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Watermark_POC\Watermark_POC\bin\Debug\de\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
C:\Users\MXIX\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Watermark_POC\Watermark_POC\bin\Debug\es\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
C:\Users\MXIX\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Watermark_POC\Watermark_POC\bin\Debug\fr\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
C:\Users\MXIX\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Watermark_POC\Watermark_POC\bin\Debug\hu\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
C:\Users\MXIX\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Watermark_POC\Watermark_POC\bin\Debug\it\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
C:\Users\MXIX\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Watermark_POC\Watermark_POC\bin\Debug\pt-BR\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
C:\Users\MXIX\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Watermark_POC\Watermark_POC\bin\Debug\ro\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
C:\Users\MXIX\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Watermark_POC\Watermark_POC\bin\Debug\ru\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
C:\Users\MXIX\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Watermark_POC\Watermark_POC\bin\Debug\sv\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
C:\Users\MXIX\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Watermark_POC\Watermark_POC\bin\Debug\zh-Hans\Xceed.Wpf.AvalonDock.resources.dll
C:\Users\MXIX\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Watermark_POC\Watermark_POC\obj\Debug\SlideShow.baml
C:\Users\MXIX\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Watermark_POC\Watermark_POC\obj\Debug\SlideShow.g.cs
C:\Users\MXIX\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\Watermark_POC\Watermark_POC\obj\Debug\App.baml
